---
title: Improving L3D functionality, Tessel input/output, &amp; final project planning
date: April 9, 2015
number: 12
---

sharing project ideas for feedback • discussion of latest updates on Bakhtiar's browser-based interface to the L3D cube • continuing play with input/output capacities of Tessel • planning the final steps for your final project

### For next week
1. Expand on and revise your answers to, ["What are you working on?  What are you struggling with?  What would you like done for your final presentation?  For sessions 13, 14, and 15, What milestones do you need to hit by sessions 13, 14, and 15 get there?"](http://dgmde15.github.io/sessions/12/#/6)

2. If you think continuing to brainstorm final project ideas will help in either refining or discovering your final, final project, continue to do so!  Otherwise, we suggest redirecting your effort into spec'ing out, documenting, and completing your final project.

3. Continue to work through the introductory Tessel extensions, especially if you anticipate using the Tessel in your final project.

4. Work on the suggested extensions to the L3D cube interface, especially if you are interested in using the cube for your final project.

5.  A reminder: Each week, we'd love [your feedback](dgmde15.github.io/feedback) on the session.

6.  If you feel like you are struggling in any way and aren't sure you'll feel good about the final status of your final project, _please_ reach out and let one of us know.  Even if you aren't sure what you need help with!